
%title Introduction

[[../index|Home]]

%toc

==Self Introduction==

Hey guys, Welcome to my wiki page!

Well a little bit about myself really. I'm Simone Chen, you can just call me Simone instead. I'm simple, honest and Straightforward. after work or on weekends, I like to play football, read books and travel all around the world (still a dream, You know. Everybody has to work and make money to live except that you are rich enough or you have won a lottery ... ).

Currently I'm working as a database administrator & test supervisor of software productions in a listed company. I have been working for this software company since 2005 to present.
Below is the summary of my work experience:
* 2011 to Present, Database Administrator,3+ years experience in Oracle database administration.
* 2009 to Present, Test Supervisor, 4+ yeasrs experience in testing software productions.
* 2007 to 2009, Support & Project Supervisor, 2+ years experience in team management and project arrangement.
* 2005 To 2007, after-sale Support enginner of software productions (Hotel Property Management System), 2+ years experience in production support. 
In addition, I have a lot of project experience too, including some on-site supports.

I can speak 3 languages, and these language skills help me much while communicating with different clients.
* English
* Cantonese
* Mandarin

Other experience:
Further more, I want to thank for the volunteer experience from 2003 to 2004. After graduating from my college in July 2003, I became a volunteer and worked as a teacher in a senior middle school located in western China. At the end of the service, I received a bronze medal as the prize for my outstanding performance. I'm so proud of myself. This wonderful one-year experience taught me a lot. For example, the communication skills making people understand each other more easily. I also learn that any achievement needed dedication to complete. To conclude, always try to help others and you will be helped.

Certifications:
* 2012, Certificated Oracle Professional (10g OCP)
----

==自我简介==

Hello，欢迎来到我的维基页面！

我是陈远军，一直供职于某上市IT公司，工作之余喜欢踢球、阅读和...旅行（打住！好好工作，先攒好年假和钱吧，除非中了大彩票）。

以下是工作经验：
* 2011至今，开发部的数据库管理员，3年以上Oracle数据库管理和维护经验；
* 2009至今，开发部测试主管，4年以上团队管理和产品测试经验；
* 2007至2009，产品售后支持和项目主管，2年以上团队和项目管理经验；
* 2005至2007，产品售后支持工程师，2年以上产品售后维护和现场支持经验。
另外，我有很多项目经验，包括现场维护和支持。

语言技能：
* 英语
* 粤语
* 普通话

其它经历：
毕业后参加过为期一年的大学生西部志愿服务活动，以教师身份服务于西部某省某小镇的一个高中，因表现出色，服务期满后获得志愿服务铜奖的表彰。这是一段难忘的人生经历，我从中也学到很多。感谢这段经历，感谢曾与我相识并一起度过那些日子的那些人们。

认证：
* 2012，Oracle 10g OCP
    
    <div id="goTop" style="display: block">
      <a href="#top"" title="Go Top" onclick="window.scroll(0,0);">
      </a>
    </div>
